By accessing the App at your option, registering thereon and thereafter using the Services 
as a member or guest, you agree to be bound by this Agreement and the terms contained in it. This Agreement governs your 
access and use of this App and applies to all visitors, users and others who access the Service 
("Users"). If you do not agree with the terms contained in this Agreement, you are not permitted to use this 
App. Tridha Mahayog will not be liable for any consequences arising from your unauthorized use.
 We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page and the terms hereof. The revised terms of use shall be 
posted on the App and you are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, 
as they are binding on you. Some of these provisions may be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our 
App. All changes are effective as soon as we post them and by continuing to use the 
App and avail of the Services, you agree to be bound by the revised terms and conditions of use. 
Your use of App is subject to the most current version of the terms of use posted on the 
App at the time of such use.

Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with
 the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform).

Generally, we do collect PII from you when you download our Android applications. We use PII only for provide customised 
contents to the users. We do not sale any of the PII in any condition, we only use it to enhance the users' experience and 
improve the quality of the contents we provides.

We have developed and going to develop some tools to develop a contents we provide and for providing the content to the app,
that uses the PII to develop and provide the contents to the users. Other than that, we guarantee, we will never use such
information for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a 
third party for commercial gains.


Information we collect
Cookies ( Webview browser cookies) - When you visit Forum service, we may send one or more cookies files with small amount
 of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier to your mobile device that uniquely identifies your device and
 allows the application to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Forum. 

Ads - Our app do not show any ads.So we don't need to share any user's data with Facebook or 
other parties (Verified by BBC & Privacy International).

Analytics - We use third party analytics tool, Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the
 service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services, what pages they visit when they
 do so, and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only
 to improve our services.


Services we provide- We create this App to provide Users, the Services which includes,
 guidance on how to improve their fitness and how to integrate fitness into their individual lifestyles and to provide the
 Users access to healthy products. While our workout recommendations consider several factors specific to each individual,
 fitness goals and lifestyle factors, we are not a medical organization, and our recommended workout plans and specific
 exercises should not be misconstrued as medical
 advice, prescriptions, or diagnoses.

Contact us
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon
 your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy
 policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at pranavc130@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear
 answers to your questions in a timely manner.
